.\" Man page for posting-import
.TH POSTING-IMPORTER 1 "2024" "0.1.0" "posting-import manual"
.SH NAME
posting-import \- Import API collections from Postman, Insomnia, and Bruno to Posting TUI format
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B posting-import
[\fB\-a\fR \fIAPP\fR]
[\fB\-s\fR \fISOURCE\fR]
[\fB\-t\fR \fITARGET\fR]
[\fB\-w\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR]
[\fB\-n\fR]
[\fB\-c\fR \fINAME\fR]
[\fB\-\-list\-sources\fR]
[\fB\-\-format\fR \fIFORMAT\fR]
.PP
\fBposting-import\fR \fB\-\-help\fR
.PP
\fBposting-import\fR \fB\-\-version\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B posting-import
is a CLI tool that imports API collections from popular API clients (Postman, Insomnia, Bruno) and converts them to the Posting TUI's YAML format.
.PP
Supported sources:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Postman collections (v2.0/v2.1 JSON format)
.IP \(bu 2
Insomnia collections (v4/v5 JSON format)
.IP \(bu 2
Bruno collections (.bru format and OpenCollection YAML format)
.RE
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-a ", " \-\-app " " \fIAPP\fR
Source application type (required). Must be one of: postman, insomnia, bruno.
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-source " " \fISOURCE\fR
Path to the source collection file or directory (required).
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-target " " \fITARGET\fR
Output directory for the Posting collection (default: current directory).
.TP
.BR \-w ", " \-\-overwrite
Overwrite existing files.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Verbose output. Can be repeated for more verbosity.
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-dry\-run
Do not write output. Useful with \fB\-\-list\-sources\fR.
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-name " " \fINAME\fR
Collection name (overrides detected name).
.TP
.B \-\-list\-sources
List supported source formats and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-format " " \fIFORMAT\fR
Output format for collection info. One of: text (default), json, yaml.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print help information.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print version information.
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Import a Postman collection
.PP
.EX
posting-import -a postman -s collection.json -t ./output
.EE
.SS Import an Insomnia collection
.PP
.EX
posting-import -a insomnia -s insomnia-export.json -t ./output
.EE
.SS Import a Bruno collection
.PP
.EX
posting-import -a bruno -s ./my-bruno-collection -t ./output
.EE
.SS List supported formats
.PP
.EX
posting-import --list-sources
.EE
.SS Dry run to preview collection
.PP
.EX
posting-import -a postman -s collection.json -t ./output -n
.EE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
Error occurred.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/posting-import/
User configuration directory (if applicable).
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B POSTING_IMPORTER_VERBOSE
Set verbosity level (1-3).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR posting (1),
.BR curl (1)
.PP
Posting TUI: https://posting.sh
.br
Project homepage: https://github.com/yourusername/posting-import
.SH AUTHORS
Your Name <your.email@example.com>
.SH LICENSE
MIT OR Apache-2.0
